0.44.0 — New cold-open video, and the reason it used to feel like a hang

WHAT LANDED

The intro video is replaced. The old 66-second clip becomes a 2:05 narrated
tour of the actual console — the six-city map, the one shared bank, the fleet
roster, the two platforms and their commissions, the real time-of-use tariff,
the real Superchargers, the geofence, the books, and the three numbers on an
offer. Same element, same showIntro(), same "press play yourself" behaviour.

Assets, all in deploy/public/ and mirrored beside the standalone deadhead.html:

  Deadhead-intro-video-v2.mp4    11.1 MB, H.264 High/1080p30 + AAC stereo
  deadhead-intro-poster-v2.jpg   82 KB, frame at 1.6s ("Six cities, two
                                 padlocked") — the first callout, so the
                                 unplayed frame already says something
  Deadhead-intro-video-v2.vtt    3.7 KB English captions

THE ACTUAL BUG IN THE SOURCE FILE

The export had its moov atom at the END of the container, behind mdat. So did
the old 0.26-era clip, which is why that one felt slow too and nobody traced
it. A browser cannot start decoding until it has read moov: with it at the
tail, `preload="none"` plus a click means the player pulls all 11 MB before
the first frame paints. On a slow connection that is fifteen seconds of a
black rectangle with a spinner — indistinguishable from a broken file, and the
player has no reason to wait it out.

  ffmpeg -i in.mp4 -c copy -movflags +faststart out.mp4

Lossless (stream copy, no re-encode), one second of work, moov moves to byte
36. Playback now begins on the first few hundred KB. Any replacement video
MUST go through this — it is the single thing about the file that matters, and
nothing in the app can detect or compensate for its absence.

SELF-HOSTED, NOT A YOUTUBE EMBED

Considered and rejected, for three reasons in descending order of weight:

  · deadhead.html must run from file:// with no network at all. An iframe
    embed is simply dead there, and the standalone build is not a
    second-class target — it is how the game gets handed to people.
  · An embed drags in third-party cookies and the consent surface that
    follows. This game currently has none and does not want one for a
    68-second saving.
  · Bandwidth is the argument FOR an embed, and it does not apply. Static
    assets on Cloudflare are free and unmetered, and `preload="none"` means
    a visitor who never presses play transfers 82 KB of poster and no video
    at all. The 11 MB is also comfortably under the 25 MiB per-file limit on
    Workers static assets, and under GitHub's 100 MB, so no LFS.

WHY -v2 IN THE FILENAME

The old files are left in place and the new ones are versioned rather than
overwritten. Cloudflare's edge and every browser cache will keep serving a
stale mp4 under an unchanged URL, and a rename is the only cache bust that
needs neither a purge nor a Cache-Control change. Next video is -v3. Do not
reuse a name.

CAPTIONS

The mp4 carried an auto-generated mov_text subtitle track, which browsers
ignore entirely. It is extracted to WebVTT, hand-corrected, and attached as a
<track> — the transcription had "Hitcher"/"Zip" for Hitchr/Zipp, "row
geometry" for road geometry, "PKW" for peak kW, "5141" for $51.41, and "miles
to been empty" for miles of deadhead. The mov_text track is dropped from the
container; it was dead weight in every player.

The track is deliberately NOT `default`. The video already carries burnt-in
callout panels, so captions-on doubles the text on screen. The native CC
button turns them on. Under file:// the opaque origin blocks the track fetch;
it fails silently and the video plays regardless, which is the right
degradation for the standalone build.

KNOWN, NOT FIXED — THE VIDEO PREDATES THE 0.42.0 REBRAND

The recording was made on a pre-0.42.0 build, so it shows branding the game no
longer ships. Two places:

  · The Selected-vehicle panel reads "Cybercab · CC-01" for essentially the
    whole 2:05 runtime. The shipping game reads "Cab · CB-01" under MAKE
    'Axiom'. A player watches two minutes of one product and is then dropped
    into a differently-named one.
  · The first callout, on screen from 0:00 and therefore also on the poster
    frame, reads "Tesla hasn't launched there, so neither has the game."

Neither is a code defect and neither blocks the deploy — the numbers, panels,
cities and mechanics in the video are all still accurate. But the marque was
removed deliberately in 0.42.0 and this puts it back on the first screen a new
player sees, which is the most visible surface in the whole product. Re-record
against 0.44.0 when there is time; the captions in the .vtt are already
written against the current names (Hitchr, Zipp) and will not need redoing.

FILES

  deadhead.html                        VERSION 0.43.0 -> 0.44.0; the <video>
                                       element's src/poster + a new <track>,
                                       and the comment block above it
  deploy/public/index.html             byte-identical copy
  deploy/public/*-v2.{mp4,jpg,vtt}     new
  ./*-v2.{mp4,jpg,vtt}                 same three, beside the standalone html
