0.33.1 — fix: the Trophies icon was invisible on a new save, and hard to
find even when it wasn't

THE BUG

The nav lock pass matched gate names to buttons BY POSITION:

  const gate=['fleet','offers','energy','books','ops','fleet','fleet'];
  apps[i].classList.toggle('locked', !unlocked(gate[i]||'fleet'));

Seven entries for seven buttons. Trophies was the eighth, so gate[7] was
undefined, `||'fleet'` locked it behind owning a car, and
`.t-app.locked{opacity:.3;pointer-events:none}` made it a barely-visible
dead pixel on a dark bar. Pavel reported it as missing; it turned up in a
later screenshot only because his Miami save had long since satisfied the
fleet gate. Every new player — which on a Reddit launch is everyone —
would have got the invisible version.

Appending was the lucky case. Inserting a button anywhere else would have
shifted every gate after it onto the wrong icon, and since the PANELS gate
correctly on their own, only the dimming would have been wrong. That is
the kind of bug that survives several releases.

THE FIX

Each button names its own gate: `data-gate="fleet"`, order-independent and
self-describing, the same shape as the `data-panel` attribute sitting
beside it. No data-gate means never locked, and Trophies is the first of
those — an achievement can be earned in the first minute, so there is
nothing to withhold.

Every value is exactly what the positional array resolved to, so nothing
else changes. That includes Map being gated on 'offers', which reads oddly
next to its own aria-pressed="true" and is preserved as found rather than
quietly "fixed" inside a bug-fix commit. Worth a look separately.

DISCOVERABILITY (Pavel: "it is really hidden")

Four signposts, all driven by one earned-vs-seen split (PROG.achvSeen)
rather than three separate ideas of "new":

- An unread count on the nav icon, gold, with a single pop animation the
  first time something lands so the icon changes on its own instead of
  waiting to be noticed. Cleared by opening the panel, because opening is
  what counts as seeing.
- A "Trophies · 2 new" button in the shift report, shown only when there
  is something to see. The report is the moment a player is already asking
  how the shift went, which is the only moment a board means anything.
  Secondary styling; Close is still the action almost everyone wants.
- Paolo says where to look, once ever, on the first achievement of the
  player's life. The flag rides in PROG so a new city does not make him
  repeat it.
- A "Trophies 5/21" readout in the topbar, marked tb-opt so the narrow
  layout drops it first — a trophy count is the most expendable thing in
  that strip.

TESTS

Seven new checks. Three guard the bug itself: the icon must exist, must be
unlocked on a fresh fleet, and every data-gate must name a real STAGES id
(a typo would lock an icon forever with nothing to catch it). One proves
the fix is attribute-driven by reordering the nav strip and re-rendering —
a positional array now gates the wrong icons. The rest cover the badge
counting unread rather than total, clearing on open, staying clear on
reopen, and Paolo speaking exactly once. Verified to fail against the old
code: reverting the lock pass fails two of them.

STILL OPEN
- Both D1 migrations are still unrun. 002 must go BEFORE the next deploy
  (the admin Achievements view 503s until it does — that error message is
  working as intended); 001 goes after.
- The Cloudflare rate limiting rule on /api/stat.
- The DISPATCH OFFLINE banner.
- deploy/public/Inside_The_Brutal…mp4, 9.8 MB, referenced by nothing.
